Add small note about forking policy (#28755)
github/docs: content/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/managing-repository-settings/managing-the-forking-policy-for-your-repository.md

{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-repo %}
{% data reusables.repositories.sidebar-settings %}

> 1. Under "Features", select **Allow forking**.
> If you do not have this option, you may not have permissions for this setting. Check with the owner of the organization that administers the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under "Features", select **Allow forking**. If you do not have this option, you may not have permissions to control this setting. Check with the owner of the organization that administers the repository or with the owner of the repository about your access.
```
